Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there.
Johnny Roberts: How
Johnny Roberts: Are you today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good.
Busy
Johnny Roberts: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: I never got to see, not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I haven't seen the virus yet haven't ran past me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank God. Huh.
Johnny Roberts: Just a government bullshit again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there's definitely stuff on the internet for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Conspiracy theories
You know,
Johnny Roberts: The train said about Air Force, right, the other day, and one of the one of the chemical cars.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, the coronavirus on it. Yeah, big white flag goes up Kronos whatever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Johnny Roberts: You know,
Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So somebody on there was sick is our you're saying
Johnny Roberts: You want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody on there was sick.
Johnny Roberts: Know that they would stop.
Johnny Roberts: One of the cars that had it on it.
Johnny Roberts: You know that
Johnny Roberts: We put on them.
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Has a tag.
Johnny Roberts: On it.
Johnny Roberts: Was supposed to sprayed some shit. The other night around here. I don't know. They did not
Johnny Roberts: Kill it. Yeah, right.
Johnny Roberts: We're only 2%
Johnny Roberts: Yeah. Anybody else hired us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's not a bad thing.
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, um, how you been doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you're going out.
Johnny Roberts: It's kind of windy here.
Johnny Roberts: four G's going in and out, in and out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh that's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haha
Johnny Roberts: Yes. What I said what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me how things have been going
Johnny Roberts: So,
Johnny Roberts: I'm getting ready to have puppies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To no way
Johnny Roberts: She did her downfall, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, congratulations. Are you excited
Or
Johnny Roberts: This couple days she moved much today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever had puppies before
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Dogs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty exciting.
Johnny Roberts: She's miserable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Betsy.
Johnny Roberts: Don't have any should have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot of pagans.
House.
Johnny Roberts: House.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: House.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For mama.
Johnny Roberts: Jumping
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: jumping the fence anymore.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: That's what I was gonna get on our side of the fence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: You're not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, let me see. I can see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your Zoom is froze. So I can't you just stuck on you. So I can't see you. I can't see her.
Johnny Roberts: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tim puppies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, now let me see, you're moving again.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh. What kind of dog.
Big
Dog, you see.
Johnny Roberts: No clue where she
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Johnny Roberts: Beat
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Us.
Johnny Roberts: I just put the girl that had a good standard beat anymore. So I took her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see your face.
Let me see your face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go. Wait. Nope.
Johnny Roberts: Today,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it. Yeah, that's what I know. Why should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Johnny Roberts: It sucks.
Johnny Roberts: Texas stocks in Arizona blows.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're stuck in the middle.
Johnny Roberts: Here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So. How have things been going for you.
Johnny Roberts: Don't want to pay
Johnny Roberts: Very close.
Johnny Roberts: Exactly what's supposed to check back here in a couple hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues come up for you this week.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. Still on this overtax
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: sounded really five months, I've been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing. A simple celebrate something to celebrate
Johnny Roberts: I knew what to do.
Johnny Roberts: I just didn't want to go through all
Johnny Roberts: The hard way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm glad you chose this easier softer way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely any issues with anybody coming over and trying to attempt to
Johnny Roberts: Just shoot all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you gonna do with 10 puppies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good hometown.
Johnny Roberts: Nope, I just won't let anybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I haven't feeling. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: And another friend will
Johnny Roberts: Attest to the guy got locked up nightfall asked him to my house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Johnny Roberts: I found out with them.
Johnny Roberts: Sri
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, he's walking down the street.
Johnny Roberts: No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's very
Johnny Roberts: Much so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's been going good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Johnny Roberts: Was going on, you know, legal hassles. She's having trouble.
Good started drawing
Johnny Roberts: Wall when I started growing in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, nice.
Johnny Roberts: Side.
Johnny Roberts: Here's the faces.
Johnny Roberts: They're going in it so long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: There's two of them.
Johnny Roberts: And here's two more of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're good draw
Johnny Roberts: This that's just an outline and there's the last one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Johnny Roberts: Good all good. All good.
Johnny Roberts: Well, it's gonna go on a different sessions. I mean, the first one is the big face and the two little faces.
Johnny Roberts: And then it goes on the side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool.
Johnny Roberts: There's about seven balls with work.
Johnny Roberts: Is about $600 worth of work to me.
Johnny Roberts: Oh wow, what else ANYWHERE ELSE HAVE YOU BEEN EASY.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: That's just the outline of Avenue shady yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. You haven't. You haven't thrown a lot more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: No, not this week.
Johnny Roberts: You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. I believe you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues with your medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I'm working on laptops.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're what
Johnny Roberts: I'm working on getting laptop now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Johnny Roberts: This is my last one got
Johnny Roberts: 64 inch covered
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, lost out on the 16th.
Johnny Roberts: Or TV.
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I will let you go. There's the reception is horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you in group on Friday.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm hoping by Friday. You can show us and puppies.
Johnny Roberts: Hopefully,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm excited for you.
Johnny Roberts: She moved much that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Well you to hold down with
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can put your hand on her belly and feel the puppies move
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got what
Johnny Roberts: Moms owner, Billy.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's not feeling it.
Johnny Roberts: Now she's hating life.
Johnny Roberts: She looks at me like, Oh, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're funny. You did it. Now you suffer the consequences with all these little babies.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you could just, you could just leave it. That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Mr. Roberts, I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you Friday and group. Okay, I'm glad you're doing well no issues have come up and I will see you Friday at 130 1230 your time or yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Like I said us
Johnny Roberts: Silver fucking sucks, right.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Uh huh.
Johnny Roberts: So sad reason yeah be five months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Johnny Roberts: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today's the eighth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Johnny Roberts: So congratulations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On launch. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Congratulations.
Johnny Roberts: Well done, pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you are two very much so. Okay, well I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you Friday. Mr. Roberts.
Johnny Roberts: ALL RIGHT, MA'AM.
Johnny Roberts: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great weekend.
Johnny Roberts: Weekend. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: The cloud as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Johnny Roberts: We don't listen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey wouldn't be. Wouldn't it be awesome.
He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wouldn't it be awesome if you had puppies on your five month anniversary
Johnny Roberts: I could be wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see. I'll be Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. All right, I'm gonna let you go, you're muted and I can't unmute you. I will see you for. Thank you.
moto e5 play: Hello.
moto e5 play: Hi. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
moto e5 play: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, this one will take us very long. We're going to complete a bio psycho social
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm just going to ask you a series of questions, if that's okay with you.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, first question is, what brings you to bright heart and why now.
moto e5 play: I'm this I was recommended through my medical insurance.
moto e5 play: And I just had a baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. How old is your baby.
moto e5 play: He's gonna be three months on the 15th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, congrats. Congratulations.
moto e5 play: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're here for substance use.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. Can you tell me the age of first use and what it was that you used and how it progressed to where you are today.
moto e5 play: Um, I first started using heroin. When I was 22 I thought it was actually smoking weed dabs but it was heroin, I guess.
moto e5 play: So I just I just want one crystal meth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how, how old are you,
moto e5 play: I'm 28
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so the past four. So for the past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Five, six years. That's what your choice has been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what made you decide to quit now.
moto e5 play: Having a baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. Um, let's see the next one. Do you or suffer from any pain.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, any medical issues.
moto e5 play: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past substance abuse treatment.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past mental health treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any no treatment, which means no past mental health diagnosis, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know any past suicide attempts.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide attempts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know I know everybody laughs at that question, but I have to ask it, and something that is on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past abuse, physical, emotional, sexual, okay. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next one. The next question wants to know about your family that you grew up in, if your parents stay together if there were addiction and mental health issues in the home. How many siblings do you have that kind of stuff.
moto e5 play: I have three brothers and my mom and dad were together. And so my dad passed away, about a year and a half ago.
moto e5 play: Some items. Now what, oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Sorry.
moto e5 play: Abuse or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was it like where you guys were was your family a religious family or where your close family where you
moto e5 play: Were close family. My dad. He worked in masonry. So he went to work every day and stuff. My mom, she stayed home and he could, you know, take care of all of us.
moto e5 play: So we're really close family.
moto e5 play: Or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any substance abuse, alcoholism, workaholic, anything like that. No.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three Brothers are they older younger than you.
moto e5 play: I have two older one younger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the next part of this wants to know more about how it was for you in in school. If you had in the learning disabilities, he graduates. Were you bullied.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues in school. No.
moto e5 play: I was just shy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No bullying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you had a good group of friends that you hang out with
moto e5 play: Yeah, I did. Surely, Dean and I played softball.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice. Oh, good. You're a sports person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any military in your background.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past or present legal issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, let's see any current financial stressors.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anything that I forgot to mention that you think is important that we know about you.
moto e5 play: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So while you're working with bright heart, tell me what it is that you would like to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through your treatment.
moto e5 play: Just my recovery on how to stay clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And how long do you have right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: January. Well that rocks. Very much so. And how have you been doing it yourself.
moto e5 play: And I was on Suboxone and then because I was going to you guys and then you guys told me that my health insurance wasn't covered anymore. And so then I called my health. My health care.
moto e5 play: And they gave me your number again told me that you guys did cover me so I'm gonna try to get back into very heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. And during this whole issue with your insurance, you've been able to maintain on Suboxone
moto e5 play: And what I have left. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, and how much do you have left.
moto e5 play: I'm out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what doctor are you working with
moto e5 play: Am I was Moses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I have to see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is taking over his client.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you seeing him and in his practice in person.
moto e5 play: And just. Are you guys
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will definitely get a word out that you need some refill on your medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me any issues with the medication.
moto e5 play: It gives me headaches. It gives me really bad migraines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what do you do for the migraines.
excedrin
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And does that relieve it and help it.
moto e5 play: Yeah. After a couple hours.
moto e5 play: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you interested in individual therapy through your process through regard
Yeah.
moto e5 play: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Give me one second. Let me pull up the schedule and see when I can put you in. Okay, what date and time is like the best for you.
moto e5 play: Afternoon because I the baby and he's up early in the morning, eating display time in the morning hours like really early, ma'am. So in anything late afternoon will be perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In early afternoon.
moto e5 play: Yeah, okay.
moto e5 play: early afternoon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To stay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One o'clock on Tuesdays.
That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me put you in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: SH y and ay, ay, ay, and your last name is Paige.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1pm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you'll be meeting me on a weekly basis and then you're on group in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Mondays. Right.
moto e5 play: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: at 10am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, perfect. I'm in that group to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all in all female group so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's
moto e5 play: It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a cool group, any questions that you have for me.
moto e5 play: Um, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you'll being in group on Mondays at 10am and then you'll be doing individuals with me on Tuesdays weekly at 1pm
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
moto e5 play: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so we are done and you have a great weekend. And we will see you Monday and grope okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'll see you then.
moto e5 play: All right. Okay.
Right.